I haven't divorced Mr. Chen yet
I hooked up with a fox
You pretend to be affectionate
Shameless enough
How dare you hit me and introduce yourself
My name is Su Xueying
Compared to the daughter of the Great Xia Prince
I prefer Daxia Guoyou
This is the name of Mr. Su of Shenglong Group
No, I said that.
I'm getting more and more confused about Wang Yi
He gave you a place to come and have a blind date
And it's still in such a seeping place
Mr. Su Su
This person is the order who has just been kicked out by the Chen family
How is he worthy of you?
You must be mistaken.
I see
But
He is really handsome.
To tell you the truth
Li Xuan, you are my type
The one-of-a-kind kind
How about you be reserved?
Miss Su, are you kidding me?
He's the one teaching me how to do things.
Li Xuan, me and Variety Ray
Since you are already divorced
Then you can come with me to get the certificate tomorrow.
I have a heart-to-heart with Wang Yan
What the hell is he doing?
Excuse me, Miss Su
Emotions
Tell a first come first served
I am already married.
first come first served
Do you know how many rich people are chasing him?
Can he like you if you are a sweeper?
It's your blessing.
How dare you refuse him?
and
Now the divorce agreement is here in black and white
Is it still fake?
I guess you're right.
This divorce agreement
Is fake